# CS210FinalProject2023Fall_aaolgun
This repository is made for Sabancı University course CS210 2023 fall semester project by Alper Arda OLGUN
Does watching series rather than movies on Netflix increase our screentime?
As we all know nowadays lots of people are using subscription based entertainment services to spend time. Main reason people go for subscription based services can be narrowed two specific points: no advertisements and 
no need to wait for the episode. As this business model eliminates wait time for reaching an episode or a movie  
from my point of view it also increases the time spent in front of the screen due to no need to wait to watch a movie or a series as they are readily available in large quantities and you can watch anything back to back without getting interrupted. There is also another question here and my main aim is to answer this question, does does watching series rather than movies on Netflix increase our screentime. From my perspective it does increase our screentime to watch series instead of movies due to watching episodes back to back due to our curiosity as in series a plot can take quite a high number of episodes to conclude which will keep us watching. For this analysis I will be using Netflix as it is one of the most popular subscription based entertainment services and I also have enough viewing history there to analyze. 
Aim of this project is to analyze my Netflix viewing history in order to understand does watching series or films 
have an impact on the time spent watching netflix and make predictions for future consumption habits. As netflix does not give a clear divided dataset to use ,and they give unrelated content in unrelated classifications, for their regular subscribers firstly I had to use some of excels built in data text to column features in order to be able to use the dataset. 
This process should not happen in a dataset destined to be analyzed unlike this list as netflix provides this 
list just to let people see what they have watched during their subscription period.
